[Music]
the 10 most dangerous cat breeds in the
world they say dog is a man's best
friend but most cat people would
probably disagree these mesmerizing
creatures can be just as playful cuddly
and friendly as their canine
counterparts well that is if they're in
the mood
still cats are one of the most popular
pets in the world if you're considering
getting one you should probably leave
the following 10 dangerous cat breeds
off your list of potential candidates
before we sink our claws into this list
be sure to click the subscription button
and ring the little notification bell so
that you'll always be the first to see
all the fun and informative videos
coming out daily on the bright side of
life
number 10 Pallas's cat
with a stocky build and a flat round
face this feline is so fluffy that you
might mistake it for a plush toy but
don't fall so easily for its cuddly
appearance because this is a wild cat it
was named after German naturalist Peter
Palace but its scientific nomenclature
is Otto colobus monell Otto Calibos is a
greek word meaning ugly year rude I know
apparently some scientist was disgusted
by the fact that this cat has around
ears that sit on the sides of its head
another distinct trait of Pallas's cat
is its uncap like round eyes and pupils
the important question is can you tame
this kitty the short answer is no don't
even try to pet it if you see one this
wild cat which happens to be a distant
relative of the leopard is not a social
animal they're independent territorial
and well wild plus palaces cat is
classified as near threatened by the
International Union for Conservation of
Nature that's why this guy should be
left alone and where it belongs in the
wild number 9 the Savannah this cat is a
crossbreed between the African servile
and your common domestic house cat it
has a long neck body and legs with dark
brown to black spots all over its coat
Savannah's can weigh from 8 to 20 pounds
and live up to about 17 years or more
thanks to its exotic African ancestry
owning this breed will come with a hefty
price tag
an active and intelligent type this
green-eyed beauty sometimes acts more
like a dog than a cat one of its
favorite activities is playing fetch and
you can actually walk this cat on a
leash and here's the real kicker it
loves to swim this cat is adventurous
and curious so it's better to keep it
indoors at the same time they require
lots of mental and physical stimulation
you also need an infinite amount of
patience to deal with their playfulness
and mischievous behavior expect turned
on faucets open cabinets broken dishware
nor the furniture and your toilet being
turned into their own private pool so
basically it's an adorable poltergeist
the Savannah can also be quite
aggressive towards strangers especially
when they're young so yes you can keep
Savannah's as pets but this breed is
definitely not for first-time cat owners
number 8 the Chow sea also known as the
Nile cat this breed is a cross between
an Abyssinian domestic cat and a jungle
cat you can probably guess by the
nickname that this cat comes straight
out of Egypt it's a wild ancestor the
jungle cat is the very one that the
Egyptians worshipped male Chelsea's can
weigh up to 25 pounds while females get
up to 20 it has a slender yet muscular
body giving the species an overall
athletic built just like the Savannah
this cat can be put on a leash and likes
to play fetch the chassis is not a
laid-back lap cat they're playful and
assertive so you have to constantly keep
them busy with toys and undivided
attention
ciao seas are perfect for experienced
cat owners and families with older
children because of its curious and
outgoing nature it's best if you have a
lot of space like a fenced-in backyard
to avoid any mishaps inside your home
number 7 the jungle cat all right let's
talk about the prized pet of the ancient
Egyptians the jungle cat its scientific
name is Felice cows but it also goes by
the swamp Lynx swamp cat or Reed cat
while the name would have you think
otherwise this cat does not live in the
jungle but rather in wetlands with dense
vegetation it's a medium sized feline
that can weigh up to 20 pounds like any
other wild cat this breed is independent
and solitary therefore it can be hard to
tame and domesticate it even if you
raise one from kitten hood the jungle
cat is also an energetic active and
predatory sort they can even pounce on
birds that are about to take off this
cat can be aggressive too in fact there
have been cases of jungle cats attacking
and clawing people that got a little too
close for comfort
number six the Abyssinian while we're on
the topic we might as well mention that
shell sees other ancestor it may seem
regal and poised at first glance but
don't let the Abyssinian fool you this
cat has a really outgoing and playful
personality the Abbey is one of the
oldest domesticated cat breeds believed
to originate from Abyssinia which is
modern-day Ethiopia most expert nowadays
cite Egypt as the breeds place of origin
full-grown Abyssinians can weigh from
eight to twelve pounds and have a life
expectancy of up to fifteen years this
cat is always on the go and loves
climbing up to high places
it's an inquisitive and intelligent
breed that's inclined to investigate
whatever you're doing
they say that this cat will train you
not the other way around to do its
bidding like playing fetch the Abbey
prefers to be the center of attention
and doesn't do well when left alone if
you leave it alone for a long time
expect to come home to chaos this cat
can also get aggressive without any
valid reason number five
British Shorthair if you're familiar
with a Cheshire Cat in Alice in
Wonderland or Puss in Boots and Shrek
then you've definitely met some of the
on-screen representations of the British
Shorthair this breed can weigh up to 20
pounds and lives up to about 20 years
it's well known for having a round head
eyes and paws and even its tail is
rounded at the tip but don't be fooled
by its cute appearance even if it lowers
its hat and looks up at you with a big
sad eyes
sure it's a laid-back and undemanding
cat it doesn't exactly have an active
lifestyle so don't expect them on top of
your counters or shelves however the
British Shorthair is not a cuddly lap
cat and doesn't like to be carried
around nonetheless it'll stay by your
side like a loyal companion when it
feels like it number 4 the Maine
this native New Englander hails from
Maine hence the name in fact it's the
official state cat the Maine is a
large breed that can weigh up to 20
pounds or more it also received
celebrity status as mrs. Norris in the
Harry Potter movies another interesting
fact about this cat is that it became
the first pet to ever be commercially
cloned back in 2004 Little Nicky was
produced using the DNA of a senior Maine
named Nicky this breed can be
sociable but it can also be assertive
and dominant when it wants to be the
Maine is very independent and
doesn't like to be robbed of its
precious me-time so if it doesn't want
to be disturbed or dislike something
expects some retaliation from this cat
[Music]
number 3 the mekong bobtail although the
country of origin is cited as Russia
this breed was actually brought there
from Southeast Asia where legends
describe to me Kong bobtails as royal
beings that guarded ancient temples
the Mekong bobtail can weigh up to ten
pounds and has a lifespan of up to 18
years and of course we can't forget to
mention this breeds most unique feature
it's tiny little bobbed tail like a lot
of the unique breeds on this list the
Mekong bobtail acts like a dock which
means again you can walk it on a leash
and train it to play fetch they can be
kind and gentle but also playful and
energetic your house should have plenty
of space to stimulate this cat's active
personality and love of jumping up on
high places just beware that this cat is
pretty independent
number two the Siamese hailing from
Thailand this breed has the same
sophistication elegance and legendary
respect as the Mekong bobtail the
Siamese is believed to be an ancient cat
and is currently one of the most popular
breeds in the world it has a long
muscular body that can weigh up to 15
pounds the most distinct features are
the cats blue eyes triangular head and
distinct coat pattern and don't even try
to fool a Siamese cat in the 1960s the
twin Siamese cats of former ambassador
Henry helped foiled an espionage plot
against him when the two felines
discovered 30 tiny microphones behind
the wall of help study at the Dutch
Embassy in Moscow Russia wow those
kitties could give James Bond a run for
his money
the Siamese is also the most talkative
and opinionated cat out there it demands
to be entertained and showered with
attention 24/7 it can be pretty cautious
around strangers and outright naughty
when left alone at home number 1 the
Bobcat
known as links Rufus in the scientific
community the Bobcat is a nocturnal
animal with a natural habitat in the
wild yet some people are brave or silly
enough to make them pets it's twice as
large as the average house cat can weigh
up to 30 pounds and has a lifespan of
about 7 years it's sometimes mistaken
for its cousin the Canadian lynx because
of its tough tears large paws and long
hind legs both of course also have a
bobtail this animal is solitary and
territorial which is why it's quite a
challenge to own one it can also be
aggressive and temperamental so expect
your house to be shredded or destroyed
Bobcats certainly aren't child-friendly
given that they're capable of killing a
full-grown human if you're into exotic
and wild pets like the Bobcat and you're
cautious and experienced enough to keep
one it's best that you take one in as a
kitten otherwise you could end up being
its next meal which dangerous cat breeds
did you find the most fascinating do you
know of any other interesting facts
about cats let us know in the comments
don't forget to give this video a like
and send it to all your friends and
remember always stay on the bright side
of life